:bookmark: bumped version from beta to rc (#223)
GPP-Woo/GPP-publicatiebank: CHANGELOG.rst

Release notes
=============

1.1.0-rc.0 (2025-03-26)
=======================

> * Updated the documentation to include the new functions and made some minor improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the documentation to describe new features.
* Fixed broken API spec link in the documentation.
```
